Improve Cold Storage Guide (#264)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/ColdWasabi.md

7. `Load Wallet` to import the xpub or Public Key (used to generate all receive addresses)

> 8. Go to Receive tab and Generate Receive Address, Copy this to clipboard (memorise the first/last few characters). (Note, don't generate more than 20 unused recieve addresses).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Go to Receive tab and Generate Receive Address, copy this to clipboard (memorize the first/last few characters).
(Note, don't generate more than 21 unused receive addresses).
```

Reviewer 2: Where does this seemingly arbitrary 20/21 limit come from?

Reviewer: https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/1256#issuecomment-485379991

> 9. Send a single mixed coin (don't combine UTXO's/coins as this hurts your anon-set badly) from your "Hot" Wasabi Wallet to this "Cold" Wasabi Wallet recieve address by pasting from clipboard (check address hasn't changed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Send a single mixed coin (don't combine UTXOs/coins as this hurts your anon-set badly) from your "Hot" Wasabi Wallet to this "Cold" Wasabi Wallet receive address by pasting from clipboard (check address hasn't changed).
```

> 10. Repeat Steps 8 & 9 for each UTXO (new address each time) but vary fee rate & stagger timing (don't send all in one 1h session) for maximum privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Repeat steps 8 & 9 for each UTXO (new address each time) but vary fee rate & stagger timing (don't send all in one 1h session) for maximum privacy.
```
